1) The lap belt part of your seatbelt should rest where?
a) Across your hips
b) Just below your ribs
c) Across your stomach
d) Across your thighs

2)The first thing you should do before making a right turn is what?
a) Turn the wheel
b) Accelerate
c) Check your mirrors
d) Signal

3) You are approaching a roundabout at which you want to turn left. Which course should you follow?
a) Left hand lane all the way round
b) Right hand lane on entry, left on exit
c) Left hand lane on entry, right on exit
d) Right hand lane all the way round

4)A flashing red light indicates what?
a) Stop, then proceed cautiously
b) Maintain your speed and proceed cautiously
c) Speed up and proceed cautiously
d) Slow down and proceed cautiously

5) A fan belt should have about what amount of play?
a) 0.5 cm
b) 8 cm
c) 15 cm
d) 3 cm

6) If you feel an overtake is slightly risky or doubtful, what should you do?
a) Try to make it but be prepared to pull out
b) Abandon the maneuver
c) Increase speed to make sure you make it
d) Sound your horn continuously as you make the maneuver

7) You are driving up a three lane one-way street and you wish to go straight ahead. Which lane should you choose?
a) The right-hand lane
b) The left-hand lane
c) The middle lane
d) Whichever one you prefer

8)  When going around the roundabout at which you wish to turn right, you should switch to indicating left…?
a) After you have passed the exit before the one you want
b) At no time
c) Once you are half way around the roundabout
d) As soon as you enter the roundabout

9)  You are approaching a wild animal on the road. What should you do?
a) Accelerate and give them a wide berth
b) Sound your horn continually
c) Slow down and give them a wide berth
d) Rev your engine loudly

10) If your accelerator sticks when you are driving, how should you react?
a) Sound your horn continuously
b) Shift gear into neutral
c) Stamp on the brakes as hard as possible
d) Pull on the parking brake

11) Which of these persons has a right to make you stop by signaling to you?
a) All of them
b) School crossing attendants
c) Police officers
d) Traffic wardens

12) Any four wheeled vehicle you drive on the road must have…?
a) A full windscreen
b) Rear seats
c) A lockable trunk
d) Registration plates front and rear

13) If you start to feel drowsy when driving, which of these should you do?
a) Drive more slowly
b) Increase your speed
c) Pull over and take a nap
d) Close the windows

14) Under what circumstances is it acceptable not to stop after an accident?
a) None
b) If you are in a hurry
c) If nobody is hurt
d) If it wasn't your fault

15) When parking, you should always be within what distance of the curb?
a) 90 cm
b) 70 cm
c) 50 cm
d) 30 cm

16)  When driving on a four lane road with a dividing median, which position should you choose?
a) The left-hand lane
b) Whichever one you like
c) The right-hand lane
d) Straddling both lanes

17) At a roundabout, you must give way to traffic…?
a) That is turning left
b) Coming from the right
c) That is larger than you
d) Coming from the left

18) Before setting off on the road, which of these should you do?
a) Shout a warning to others
b) Check all around and under your vehicle for children and animals
c) Move away as quickly as possible
d) Sound your horn to warn others you will be moving

19) If you are stressed, excited or upset, how should you approach driving?
a) Take quieter streets
b) Drive more slowly than usual
c) Drive with the windows open
d) Avoid driving until you have calmed down

20) Your vehicle tires must have a tread depth of at least
a) 1.60 mm.
b) 0.75 mm.
c) 0.5 mm.
d) 0.25 mm.





